mid-summer and there's new life and new
generations being raised all over the
fence this conic fall has just been born
and is still struggling to break free of
its protective birth membranes within a
few minutes he's ready to stand out oh
well almost
half an hour later he's found his feet
but it takes a little longer to work out
where that first meal is coming from
success after a female gives birth she
comes back into season
[Music]
that gets the Stallions all fired up as
they compete with one another to sire
next year's Falls
[Music]
for the youngsters all this trouble and
strife still lies far into the future
[Music]